Descendants of independence activists are suffering from the distress of impoverishment and the frustration of being uneducated. With this disgraceful and
regretful reality left unattended, we cannot call our nation a properly functioning
country. The honor bestowed for patriotism must not remain mere lip service. We
will always work to identify one more independence activist, one more of their descendants, and one more story of the independence movement. We will remember
and honor them. That is what is required of the nation.
There were many sons of this country who gave their lives before the 38th
parallel was turned into the truce line. Our soldiers shed blood to retake even an
inch of land in the hundreds of hills along the front line. Their short lives made it
possible to expand the territory of the country. Our troops were not the only ones
who defended the front line. Young adults and students in the rear also joined forces
after pledging allegiance and devotion to the Taegeukgi. Carrying A-frames on their
backs, civilians hauled ammunition and food. This is patriotism.
Hills with no names where fierce battles took place—White Horse in Cheolwon and Heartbreak Ridge and Bloody Ridge in Yanggu—became the graves of
brave soldiers. Those hills were given sad names steeped in the tragedy of war. They
became hills of tears for those veterans who had to leave their comrades-in-arms
behind and who have lived with a lifetime of painful memories. We will do what it
takes to find the remains of those still lying where they fell and have them buried
here in the National Cemetery.
The veterans who were wounded on battlefields and those who have lived
with indelible scars from the sacrifices of their fellow soldiers are the very fathers of
this country. We will make sure to honor them. We will not let them be taken advantage of by ideological groups and will see to it that they are respected by all the sons
and daughters of this land. That is what they deserve from their nation.